UX Sync | Realwired - June 23


19:09 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So I think, Cody, I think you guys are running into the same problem I'm running into with this. I think the thing is, you know, the problem that I'm facing is twofold.  It's, first off, I'm dealing with people that are now introducing a system to them that might feel complex or cumbersome.  And there's different layers of this. The first thing is that this is going to be a standalone product, but it's also a better product.  So from the standalone perspective, this makes so much sense because here's your organization, figure out what it is that you need to do.  You have visibility, you've got dashboarding, you know, you've got action, actionable thing. On the other side, you have this, I live in Eugenia.  And now you're asking me to open up a different page and there's no complexity on these pages, you know, that I need to manage that I didn't manage before.  And so a lot of like the, you know, the feedback that I'm getting is the view, like, they just want to drag and drop and run it and feel like it's going somewhere, you know.  And like the, what I'm running into is, is I feel like this gives you so much more control. gives you so much more, you know, peace of mind, but what it's suddenly becoming is it's becoming a cue to manage.  And that's the being created with the product, right? Yeah. And so I think there's different levels of users, you know, that creates, that has a need for different levels of views, you know.  And if that is a simple view, that's just, is my report done view, is it, you know, whatever that is, I think there's different levels of users and interaction, you know, against multiple personas, which is where the complexity comes in.  The other thing. What I ran into while you guys were demoing that I also thought is, right now this is property-centric.  You know, there's one property per review, and one review can have multiple documents associated with it. But it's now suddenly the complexity of managing, you know, an administrative and a technical, being able to jump through them and then to configure them and then to choose the templates and then to get to the end point.  You know, and it somehow feels like more work than the drag-and-drop and fire-and-forget approach does right now. The type of users that I have is I have users that are effectively, dude, they phone me up and say the property address was extracted wrong.  We need to fix this, you know, otherwise they can't use the tool. And you're like, dude, it's not a final product, you know, it's a working product.  It gives it to you in a Word document, so change it yourself. Like, but for them, it is like...  Like massive thing, like the information wasn't extracted correctly, you know, that kind of stuff. So I think like the type of users that we are going to get is going to be very, very kind of like nitpicky about managing queues and whatnot.  There's another part of this, which I think introduces an interesting part of, you know, the problem set, and that is the due dates.  Now, when you are a job manager, your job is to manage the jobs that come in and give them to whoever is in the queue, right?  So your job is to effectively be the engineering manager for the engineering department. You know, what's coming in the queue?  When is it coming out of the queue? What's the due date? What's the status of it? For that person or person that manages an entire state or multiple states, this makes so much sense, you know, because they've got the visibility.  The problem is, is that the job manager now has responsibilities in multiple systems. And so the question is, do you really want to...  And that includes things like assignments and due dates and check-ins and email notifications, you know, because you are shifting, you're making a shift left out of the system of choice into this.  And then your question becomes like, this just gives you two documents. It's not the final product. It's not the judgment.  But you're suddenly driving state from it. You know, you're suddenly driving urgency from it. And so are you really empowering those people to take action?  Or are you just adding additional work into the work process, you know, which might be friction? And so I think you guys ran into the same problems that I'm running into.  And I don't know how to solve those.

23:44 - Cody Miles
  So at the highest level, what you would want to see is probably like there's a type of user who is that job manager who needs a view like this, a very comprehensive queue management.  Yeah. But then There are plenty of users that just need the ability of dragging and dropping a file in here and kind of very quickly going through that process and getting out of the system.  Is that a true statement, too? I think so. I believe so. Yeah, they just want to drag and drop.

24:12 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And I think, you know, to that point, where I want to reduce the friction is, I mean, this idea of the intake was acute, you know, but where you want to reduce the friction is there's two ways of implementing this.  Either you press the button and you connect and you just maybe bring the final product in here or, you know, you are starting the process from here and you're pulling it from you connect, you know.  So that's kind of like an intake process, you know, but the other one is also, hey, you know, you're just dragging and dropping this field and you're getting your result.  And so I think 90% of your users would be that person that is actually initiating it is the I'm doing this job.  And so therefore, can I just press the buttons and get it done? Yeah.

24:57 - Cody Miles
  So for the 90% Use case. I mean, a path that could happen is like there's an action from Uconnect that just opens up a screen.  They drop in or they're otherwise passing in the PDF of the appraisal. They review the AI-generated annotations. And then there's these concepts around like, you know, workbooks and assignments and settings.  Like that all kind of goes away. It's more of just a streamline. Like you put the document in, you get output out, right?  All these like configurations around like the workflow itself. Because I almost wonder if it's an opt-in process.

25:35 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And the reason why I say that is because, you know, yeah. So even auto-rejection, you know, and treehares, you know, that's, I think that's a normal concept to increase the, you know, product and product utilization rate.  Because if someone opts in for auto-rejection, they're going to run multiple reports, which increases the cost, you know. So that's kind of what I do.  But if I kind of like think about, you know, these reviewers and where they. They are struggling with formatting and they're struggling with making this their own work because there's two camps.  There's one camp that says, I love this product and this product has done a lot of work for me, so I'm just going to submit this as the final product.  And in the other camp is, I love this product, it made me a little bit faster and better, but it's not my own work.  I need to make this my own work, which is why the builder comes into play because you have the configuration.  There's also a camp that says, like, I'm using this product, but it's purely supplemental,  it, I'm still going to read through the 200-page thing, you know.  This is a quick start, but it's not, it's just a quick start. That's the only way that I treat it.  And so I think from those three personas, you know, when you are trying to drive workflow changes, you know, you have these people that will jump in and say, I just want to upload the thing and I really don't care what the template looks like.  You know, I don't want to confirm any of that.

27:02 - Cody Miles
  And, you know, it's too much messy for me.

27:03 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And now you're asking me seven checklist boxes and information anxiety. And I think you're going to get those people that say, like, oh, but I love the fact that I didn't, you know, I rejected this explicitly.  And I don't want to show that it's, you know, this setting. And I don't want my people to know that.  And so I'm selecting that from an organizational perspective. But also maybe there's this individual that says, I want this to be my own work.  So I'm going to use my own templates, my own voice, my own whatever, right? I think that's locked in.  I don't think that that's necessarily a default. And then I think there's the third cap that is just saying that, okay, you know, it's a new thing.  It's fancy. It's nice. It's, you know, whatever. But it's just a decision. I'll download it and I do it with the downloaded artifact, whatever I want to do.  Yeah.

27:53 - Cody Miles
  For the 90% use case, my brain is wanting to. Say, upload a document, see the workbook, and that could probably serve all user personas, but what you can also do once you see the workbook is then work backwards and say, actually, I want to review the annotations themselves.  I want to adjust the template of the workbook, but you just kind of skip all the interstitial steps of confirm and just go straight to the workbook, solving for your primary use case, but still allowing for breaking it out and actually getting into the specific of annotations and agreeing or disagreeing with them.

28:33 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Because I do think that's an interesting point you bring up, because, you know, the part for me there is, right now, it takes about 20 minutes to run through a technical and administrative.  And so is this, is this queue management, or is it change management that we're dealing with, right? Because if it is something that I just, I just want to know if it's done, and this is just a notification hub, then something something something that that know it's if if if it's  Maybe the first approach is upload your document, you choose your document, you say what you want to do, you say where you want to receive it, you know, you kind of have a preview of what the output is going to look like, not based on the actual information, but maybe the template.  you say like, yeah, you know what, , I'm fine with it. And maybe the other part is saying that, oh, it ran, and now I get to configure it by logging into the system, seeing what's run, and then doing the configuration.  I'm opting into configuration, you know, after the fact. Right, right. When you see almost like workflow efficiency stays, you know, the top priority, but then that ability for you to really change the output if you're not happy with it, you know, you have this platform to log in and to do so.  And so I think that that solves the current Uconnect 90% of the customers that we're selling into. We do want this to be a product that we sell outside of our current customer base.  And I think like this is where the organizational management becomes a thing. You know, we want all this not only to the banks, but to the fee appraisers on the other side.  And so maybe they want to use this, you know, to kind of like get their reviews in there. That looks a little bit different.  So I do feel like there's this duality to the system. Yeah, yeah.

30:16 - Cody Miles
  And we had talked before that this would be more of an SSO that just like gets the user from Uconnect into a whole different system.  And we would just know that it would operate that way. But I still feel that tension where it's like there's still like all these other account level settings in this platform, you know.  Yeah, it's a thing to manage.

30:34 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And so just to give you a heads up, like by the end of July, you know, my target is by the end of July to start have our first non-Uconnect client on this platform.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

30:48 - Cody Miles
  Okay. So I'm hearing the feedback and I think we can move quickly on rearranging pieces that are already there and a couple of UI changes here and there.  But I think the guts of And overall, the app shell, I think, is looking good. Yeah, yeah, one of the same.  It's a specific workflow, I think, for the actual drop-in file Git workbook.

31:11 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So it's just the interesting thing, and this is something that I'm struggling with just internally, you know, from the information hierarchy perspective, I'm not sure if this should be property-centric.  Yeah, you said that earlier, tell me more. Okay, so a property-centric thing, you know, is that the property is the main body, the entity in this, you know, system, meaning that the property itself has got an address and it's unique, right?

31:39 - Cody Miles
  Yeah.

31:39 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And then the property itself has got multiple, you know, potential outputs associated with it. The great thing about being property-centric is that, you know, you can have that extension of output and you can just add to it, but also have that tied into one, you know, parent hierarchy.  The problem of the, you know, that is, is that you'll have one property that might You six outputs, so you have this parent-child relationship of management, you know, that if you do want the entire package, the six packages that you are doing, you know, you need to find a way to do that in one screen, build a layout, whatever the, you know, shape of that, kind of like click start.  If it is not property-centric, you know, but let's say unique in terms of a different entity type, but a combination of the property and the report type, you can move that into a different wizard approach.  That might say like, hey, for the administrative, it looks different than the technical, you know, and so the look and feel might change, you know, whatever that is.  And so it's an interesting conceptual idea. The property-centric hierarchy makes a lot more sense to me, but I can see the, you know, the complexity that introduces, you know, to the problem set that we're trying to solve.  And that's kind of like the duality that I have right now, because I do want to do things like short forms, like,  Evaluation-specific forms, you know, I might want to do things like specific property-type forms. know, right now we're only doing commercial, but maybe, you know, it's different technical forms.  And so it allows you to order a lot more, which is where we make money. I love that idea.  But, like, how do you then use this as, like, is it a generic builder and everything needs to work from the same concept?  You know, can you build uniqueness in there? Do you introduce complexity in the engineering side? So that's the thing that's kind of, like, racking my brain.

33:31 - Cody Miles
  Are you intending for that kind of, like, like, those other vertical integrations to happen in your MVP at the end of July?

33:41 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  No, an MVP at the end of July would just be the administrative and the technical. Okay, okay. That makes sense.

33:48 - Cody Miles
  That makes sense. But the UI UX right now has a strong opinion toward just these two types of things.  And so it makes sense that we would want to support a more generic type of entity. Right. And then that also makes a little bit more sense in a PLG effort.  Like one of the things we talked about last time we met was like PLG would be difficult because banks have like vendors that have to get approved and you couldn't just have them sign up.  And but if we then kind of extend to some other verticals and, you know. Yeah.

34:19 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So the fee appraisers is a really good one, you know, because the fee appraisers, you know, they already live in the circle, you know, so we already have access to them.  And so for them to get like, hey, you know, before you send that to the bank, run it through our system, you know, having the same kind of like, you know, manage your appraisals, you know, before it goes out, check the quality increase, kind of like your acceptance rate, you know, from your side.  It doesn't only have to be pushed from the bank side, allows us an entry. Now, those guys are fundamentally cheaper than the bank, you know.  So they would want to run it at a cheaper rate, but that allows me to do and say, you know, the vendor short form.  Yeah.

34:59 - Cody Miles
  You need to kind of like.

35:00 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Then, you know, the action to say like, this is going to pass or it's not going to pass. I'm just going to give you a thumbs up, a thumbs down, you know, whatever that is.  But that then becomes like the routing system of Parachute that allows me multiple times through the same platform. And is it still property centric then, you know, and this is kind of like where it becomes an interesting conundrum.

35:23 - Cody Miles
  Okay. Well, let me do this. I want to absorb everything you just said. And let me get back to you like tomorrow afternoon with a plan on how to change this.  just want to spend some time thinking through the problem itself now that I have some new context. And suggest to you kind of like a, I'll give you some wireframes of how I think it might go and see if have some alignment before we vibe it all out.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, brilliant.

35:49 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And I think like just to that point, the personas thing is what I'm being hit with the most, you know.  So, okay. I'm working for an internal version of that. So just keep that in mind, but just want to.  To say, like, this information I hear is a lot better than the one I came up with. So good job of all of you guys.

36:06 - Cody Miles
  I appreciate you showing me this.

36:08 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  This feels a lot less anxious than the one that I had, you know, but the same problem exists in this version as well.  So I appreciate the work you've done.

36:17 - Cody Miles
  Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. You'll hear from me tomorrow afternoon with a new plan. Okay. Thanks, See team. See you, See